        First Sergeant Eitan Barak

Sergeant Eitan Barak, 20, from Herzliya was killed Friday, July 18, 2014
during Israel's ground offensive into Gaza. (Photo credit: IDF
Spokesperson's office)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/eitan-barak-e1405668876507.jpg>

Sergeant Eitan Barak, 20, from Herzliya was killed Friday, July 18, 2014
during Israel’s ground offensive into Gaza. (Photo credit: IDF
Spokesperson’s office)

*First Sergeant Eitan Barak*, 20, served in the Nahal Brigade. He was
killed on Friday, July 18, by gunfire in the northern Gaza Strip. Barak
was pronounced dead at the Barzilai Medical Center in Ashkelon.

Barak was the first soldier to lose his life in Operation Protective
Edge. He was from Herzliya.


        Mjr. Amotz Greenberg

Maj. Amotz Greenberg, who was killed in Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

Maj. Amotz Greenberg, who was killed in Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

*Major Amotz Greenberg*, 45, served in the reserve corps. He was killed
on Saturday, July 19, during an attempted terror attack by Hamas gunmen
who entered Israel through tunnels. He volunteered to perform his
reserve duty, as he had already aged out of mandatory service. Greenberg
is survived by three children ages 7, 12, and 15. Ori Greenberg’s last
words to his father at his funeral included, “Once you only seemed like
Superman; now you are Superman.” He lived with his family in Hod HaSharon.


        Sgt. Adar Barsano

Sgt. Adar Barsano, 20 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo Credit: IDF)

Sgt. Adar Barsano, 20 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo Credit: IDF)

*Sergeant Adar Barsano*, 20, served in the Armored Corps. Barsano was
killed on Saturday, July 19, during an attempted terror attack by Hamas
terrorists who infiltrated into Israel through tunnels. “He was a hero
and he died as a hero…our hearts are broken,” childhood friend Bar
Schaps told Haaretz. Barsano was from Nahariya.


        Second Lt. Bar Rahav

Second Lt. Bar Rahav, 21 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Second Lt. Bar Rahav, 21 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Second Lieutenant Bar Rahav*, 21, served in the Combat Engineering
Corps. Rahav’s vehicle was hit by an antitank missile that was fired by
terrorists in the central Gaza Strip. He died of his wounds on Saturday,
July 19. Rahav came from Ramat Yishai and is survived by his parents,
two brothers, and a sister.


        Staff Sgt. Bnaya Rubel

Staff Sgt. Bnaya Rubel, 20 years old, killed in action during Operation
Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Bnaya Rubel, 20 years old, killed in action during Operation
Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sergeant Bnaya Rubel*, 20, served in the Paratroopers 101st
Battalion. He was killed on Friday, July 19, after a violent encounter
with a terrorist who had infiltrated Israel through a tunnel. Ada Rubel
spoke at her son’s funeral, saying: “There are no words to describe the
loss we feel today. We so waited for your return, and instead the
messengers came.” Rubel was from Holon.


        Staff Sgt. Oren Simcha Noach

Staff Sgt. Oren Simcha Noach, 22 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Oren Simcha Noach, 22 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sergeant Oren Simcha Noach*, 22, served in the Golani Brigade. He
was killed on Sunday, July 20, when the APC he and his squad were
traveling in was caught in an antitank ambush in Shejaiya. Noach lived
in Hoshaya from the age of 13. He is survived by his parents, two
brothers, and one sister.


        Sgt. Ben Itzhak Oanounou

Sgt. Ben Itzhak Oanounou, 19 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt. Ben Itzhak Oanounou, 19 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Sergeant Ben Itzhak Oanounou*, 19, served in the Golani Brigade. He was
killed in a battle in Shejaiya on Sunday, July 20. Oanounou had just
enlisted a few months ago and had lost 40 kilograms in order to do so.
Thousands attended his funeral. He was from Ashdod, where he lived with
his parents, two brothers, and sister.


        Staff Sgt. Daniel Pomerantz

Staff Sgt. Daniel Pomerantz, 20 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Daniel Pomerantz, 20 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sergeant Daniel Pomerantz*, 20, served in the Golani Brigade.He
died early morning Sunday, July 20, when the APC he was in was hit by an
antitank missile in Gaza. Mako reported that a friend from school, Sapir
Idan, said of Pomerantz: “He was funny and had a heart of gold. He
always knew that he wanted to be a combat soldier and he had great
motivation to enlist to combat.” Pomerantz was from Kfar Azar.


        Sgt. Shon Mondshine

Sgt. Shon Mondshine, 19 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: Facebook)

Sgt. Shon Mondshine, 19 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: Facebook)

*Sergeant Shon Mondshine*, 19, was a combat soldier in the Golani
Brigade. He was killed on Sunday, July 20, when his APC was hit by an
antitank missile in Gaza. He leaves behind his parents, brother and
sister. Mondshine was from Tel Aviv.


        Staff Sgt. Shachar Tase

Staff Sgt. Shachar Tase, 20 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Shachar Tase, 20 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sergeant Shachar Tase*, 20, served in the Golani Brigade.Tase
died when the APC he was in was hit by an antitank missile on Sunday,
July 20. As his coffin was lowered into the ground, his mother called
out “No, it’s not you. It’s not you, my Shachar.” He leaves behind his
parents and two brothers. Tase was from Pardesiya.


        Staff Sgt. Max Steinberg

Max Steinberg, 24, originally from Southern California's San Fernando
Valley, who was killed in the Gaza Strip on July 20, 2014. (photo
credit: AP Photo/Courtesy of Stuart Steinberg)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/SOP-AP-SPANA-SPAN-IS_Horo.jpg>

Max Steinberg, 24, originally from Southern California’s San Fernando
Valley, who was killed in the Gaza Strip on July 20, 2014. (photo
credit: AP Photo/Courtesy of Stuart Steinberg)

*Staff Sergeant Max Steinberg*, 24, served in the Golani Brigade. He
died in action in Gaza in Sunday, July 20. Steinberg was a lone soldier
from Los Angeles; he did not have Israeli citizenship and was
volunteering in the IDF. The consul general of Israel in Los Angeles,
David Siegel, was quoted in the Los Angeles Daily News as saying “Max
was a real hero, a real hero of his people, of our country.”
Thirty-thousand people came to his funeral in Jerusalem  at Mount Herzl,
the military cemetery in Jerusalem. In Israel, Steinberg lived in Beersheba.


        Mjr. Tzafrir Baror

 

Maj. Tsafrir Baror, 32, of Holon, a Golani officer killed in the Gaza
Strip on July 20, 2014 (Photo credit: Courtesy)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/tzafrir.jpg>

Maj. Tsafrir Baror, 32, of Holon, a Golani officer killed in the Gaza
Strip on July 20, 2014 (Photo credit: Courtesy)

*Major Tzafrir Baror*, 32, was a commanding officer in the Golani
Brigade. He was killed in a firefight in Gaza on Sunday, July 20. Baror
had served in conflicts in Lebanon, Gaza, and the West Bank. He is
survived by his wife, who is eight months pregnant, and a 1-year-old
daughter. Baror lived in Rehovot with his family.


        Cpt. Tsvi Kaplan

Capt. Tsvi Kaplan, 28, of Kibbutz Meirav, a Golani officer killed in the
Gaza Strip on July 20, 2014 (Photo credit: Courtesy)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/tzvi.jpg>

Capt. Tsvi Kaplan, 28, of Kibbutz Meirav, a Golani officer killed in the
Gaza Strip on July 20, 2014 (Photo credit: Courtesy)

*Captain Tsvi Kaplan*, 28, was an operations officer in the Golani
Brigade. He was a member of the reconnaissance platoon. He died in Gaza
during a firefight on Sunday, July 20. He was supposed to become a
company commander in the Golani Brigade within a few months. Kaplan is
survived by his wife and two sons. They lived together in Kibbutz Merav
on Mount Gilboa.


        Staff Sgt. Gilad Rozenthal Yacoby

 

Sgt. Gilad Yacoby, 21, of Kiryat Ono, a Golani soldier killed in the
Gaza Strip on July 20 2014 (Photo credit: Courtesy)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/gilad.jpg>

Sgt. Gilad Yacoby, 21, of Kiryat Ono, a Golani soldier killed in the
Gaza Strip on July 20 2014 (Photo credit: Courtesy)

*Staff Sergeant Gilad Rozenthal Yacoby*, 21, was a combat soldier in the
Golani Brigade. He was killed in Gaza on Sunday, July 20 during a
firefight. Yacoby is survived by his parents and two sisters. He was
from Kiryat Ono.


        Staff Sgt. Oz Mendelovich

Sgt. Oz Mendelovich, 21, of Atzmon, a Golani soldier killed in the Gaza
Strip on July 20, 2014 (Photo credit: Courtesy)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/oz.jpg>

Sgt. Oz Mendelovich, 21, of Atzmon, a Golani soldier killed in the Gaza
Strip on July 20, 2014 (Photo credit: Courtesy)

*Staff Sergeant Oz Mendelovich*, 21, was a combat soldier in the Golani
Brigade, who became a staff sergeant a few days ago. He was a member of
the reconnaissance platoon. He died on Sunday, July 20, during a
firefight in Gaza. Prior to his son’s death, Ofer Mendelovich spoke to
Army Radio about Oz, “From the moment Oz was born he lived and breathed
green and yellow,” the colors of Golani. Mendelovich is survived by his
parents and two siblings. He was from Atzmon.


        Sgt. Nissim Sean Carmeli

Lone soldier Sean Carmeli was buried Monday night in Haifa's Neve David
cemetery (Courtesy Sean Carmeli Facebook page)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/Untitled-e1405981976648.png>

Lone soldier Sean Carmeli was buried Monday night in Haifa’s Neve David
cemetery (Courtesy Sean Carmeli Facebook page)

*Staff Sergeant Nissim Sean Carmeli*, 21, served in the Golani Brigade.
He was killed on Saturday, July 19 when the APC he was in was hit by an
antitank weapon. Carmeli immigrated to Israel from Texas while in high
school. After graduating he stayed in Israel and enlisted. Ynet reported
that Rabbi Asher Hecht, co-director of Chabad of the Rio Grande Valley,
said that Sean “had great energy, yet had a kind and gentle soul.”
Estimates are that 20,000 people arrived at his funeral to say goodbye
to the lone soldier. While in Israel, he lived in Raanana.


        Staff Sgt. Moshe Malko

Moshe Malko, 20, one of 13 Golani Brigade soldiers killed in the Gaza
Strip early Sunday, July 20, 2014 (photo credit: IDF Spokesperson)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/photo3.jpg>

Moshe Malko, 20, one of 13 Golani Brigade soldiers killed in the Gaza
Strip early Sunday, July 20, 2014 (photo credit: IDF Spokesperson)

*Staff Sergeant Moshe Malko*, 20, served in the Golani Brigade. He was
killed on Sunday, July 20 during fighting in the Shejaiya neighborhood
of Gaza City. Malko is survived by his parents and siblings. He was from
Jerusalem.


        Staff Sgt. Jordan Bensemhoun

Staff Sgt. Jordan Bensemhoun, 22 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Jordan Bensemhoun, 22 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sergeant Jordan Bensemhoun*, 22, served in the Golani Brigade.
His died on Sunday, July 20 when an antitank missile hit the vehicle he
was in. Bensemhoun immigrated to Israel from Lyon, France, six years ago
and enlisted in 2012. He is survived by his parents and two sisters.
While in Israel, he lived in Ashkelon.


        Staff Sgt. Yuval Dagan

Staff Sgt. Yuval Dagan, 22 years old, years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Yuval Dagan, 22 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sergeant Yuval Dagan*, 22, served in the Golani Brigade. He died
in a firefight in Gaza on Monday, July 21. Dagan leaves behind his
parents and a brother. He was from Kfar Saba.


        Staff Sgt. Tal Ifrach

Staff Sgt. Tal Ifrach, 21 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Tal Ifrach, 21 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sergeant Tal Ifrach*, 21, served in the elite Egoz unit in the
Golani Brigade. He died in a clash in the neighborhood of Shejaiya, in
Gaza City on Monday, July 21. Ifrach was supposed to finish his military
service in three months’ time. He was from Rishon Lezion.


        Sgt. Nadav Goldmacher

Sgt. Nadav Goldmacher, 23 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt. Nadav Goldmacher, 23 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Sergeant Nadav Goldmacher*, 23, served as part of a unit from Bahad 1,
an IDF officer training base. He was part of a force responding to
terrorists infiltrating into Israel on Monday, July 21 when he was
killed by an antitank missile. Goldmacher was from Beersheba.


        Second Lt. Yuval Haiman

Second Lt. Yuval Haiman, 21 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Second Lt. Yuval Haiman, 21 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Second Lieutenant Yuval Haiman*, 21, was a combat soldier from Bahad 1,
an IDF officer training base. He was killed by an antitank missile when
responding to terrorists infiltrating into Israel on Monday, July 21.
Haiman was from Efrat.


        Sgt.-Maj. Bayhesain Kshaun

Sgt.-Maj. Bayhesain Kshaun, 39 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt.-Maj. Bayhesain Kshaun, 39 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Sergeant-Major Bayhesain Kshaun*, 39, was a combat soldier in the
Northern Gaza Territorial Brigade. He died on Monday, July 21 when an
antitank missile was fired at forces responding to terrorists
infiltrating into Israel. He is survived by his three children and his
wife, who is nine months pregnant. Kshaun was from Netivot.


        Lt.-Col. Dolev Keidar

Lt.-Col. Dolev Keider, 38 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Lt.-Col. Dolev Keider, 38 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Lieutenant-Colonel Dolev Keidar*, 38, was the commander of the Geffen
Battalion. He was killed by an antitank missile when responding to
terrorists infiltrating into Israel Monday, July 21. After his death,
Israeli television replayed clips from a 2009 documentary Keidar took
part in, “Waiting for him,” about the families of officers in the IDF
and their struggles. Keidar lived in Modiin with his family.


        Sgt. First Class Oded Ben Sira

Sgt. First Class Oded Ben Sira, 22 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt. First Class Oded Ben Sira, 22 years old, killed in action during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Sergeant First Class Oded Ben Sira*, 22, served in the Nahal Brigade.
He was killed on Monday July 21st by sniper fire. Ben Sira finished his
conscripted army service while in Gaza. He is survived by his parents
and five siblings. He was from Nir Etzion.


        NCO Ohad Shemesh

NCO Ohad Shemesh, 22 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: Screenshot via Channel 2)

NCO Ohad Shemesh, 22 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: Screenshot via Channel 2)

*Non-Commissioned Officer Ohad Shemesh*, 27, was a reserve soldier in a
paratrooper unit. He died on Monday, July 21 in a clash between his unit
and gunmen in Khan Yunis in Gaza. His family has asked for privacy
during this difficult time. Shemesh was from Beit Elazari.


        Staff Sgt. Avitar Moshe Torjamin

Staff Sergeant Avitar Moshe Torjamin, 20 (photo credit: Facebook)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/Turgeman-e1406039760861.jpg>

Staff Sergeant Avitar Moshe Torjamin, 20 (photo credit: Facebook)

*Staff Sergeant Avitar Moshe Torjamin*, 20, served in the Paratroops. He
was killed on Tuesday, July 22, during an exchange of fire with
terrorists in the Gaza Strip. Torjamin was released from the army two
weeks ago but returned for the operation in Gaza. He is survived by his
parents and three siblings. Torjamin was from Beit She’an.


        Cpt. Dmitri Levitas

Fallen IDF officer Capt. Dmitri Levitas, 26, of Jerusalem (photo credit:
IDF Spokesperson)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/DMITRI-LEVITAS-e1406106475471.jpg>

Fallen IDF officer Capt. Dmitri Levitas, 26, of Jerusalem (photo credit:
IDF Spokesperson)

*Captain Dmitri Levitas*, 26, was an officer in the Armored Corps. He
was killed in Gaza on Tuesday, July 22, by a sniper. Levitas immigrated
from Tashkent, Uzbekistan, at the age of 1. Recently, Levitas recently
moved from Jerusalem to the Golan community of Gesher.


        Cpt. Natan Cohen

Cpt. Natan Cohen, 23 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Cpt. Natan Cohen, 23 years old, killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*First Lieutenant Natan Cohen*, 23, was a platoon commander in the
Armored Corps. He was killed in combat in the Gaza Strip on Wednesday
July 23. He was planning to soon marry his girlfriend of five years.
Cohen was from Modiin.


        Lt. Paz Elyahu, 22, Evron

Paz Eliyahu, 22, an IDF soldier killed during Operation Protective Edge
in the Gaza Strip (photo credit: IDF)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/פז-אליהו.jpg>

Paz Eliyahu, 22, an IDF soldier killed during Operation Protective Edge
in the Gaza Strip (photo credit: IDF)

Second Lt. Paz Elyahu, 22, was a combat soldier in the Paratroopers
Brigade. He died in combat in Gaza on Tuesday, July 22 after entering a
booby-trapped house in Khan Yunis. Nearby gunmen detonated an explosive
device and then opened gunfire on the soldiers. Three soldiers were
killed in the attack. Israel Hayom quoted Elyahu’s father, Uri, sharing
a conversation he had with his son: “I’m taking care of myself,” Paz
said, “but like you taught me — I’m first, I’m the squad leader. My guys
are with me and I’m with them, through fire and water.” He is survived
by his parents, two brothers, and girlfriend of seven years. Elyahu was
from Kibbutz Evron.


        Staff Sgt. Li Mat, 19, Eilat

Li Mat, 19, an IDF paratrooper killed during Operation Protective Edge
in the Gaza Strip (photo credit: IDF)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/לי-מט.jpg>

Li Mat, 19, an IDF paratrooper killed during Operation Protective Edge
in the Gaza Strip (photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Li Mat, 19 years old, was a combat soldier in the
Paratroopers Brigade. He died in combat in Gaza on Tuesday, July 22
after entering a booby-trapped house in Khan Yunis. Nearby
gunmen detonated an explosive device and then opened fire on the
soldiers. Three soldiers were killed in the attack. Mat, from Eilat,
leaves behind his parents and three siblings.


        Staff Sgt. Shahar Dauber, 20, Ginegar

Staff Sgt. Shachar Dauber (photo credit: IDF)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/שחר-דובר.jpg>

Staff Sgt. Shachar Dauber (photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Shachar Dauber, 20 years old, was a combat soldier in the
Paratroopers Brigade. He died in combat in Gaza on Tuesday, July 22
after entering a booby-trapped house in Khan Yunis. Nearby
gunmen detonated an explosive device and then opened fire on the
soldiers. Three soldiers were killed in the attack. Dauber was from
Kibbutz Ginegar. A youth counselor and coordinator at the kibbutz,
Michal Wolf, spoke to Ma’ariv Online saying: “Shahar was a boy full of
joy of life and love for life.” He leaves behind his parents and older
brother.


        Master Sgt. Yair Ashkenazi, 36, Rehovot

Master Sergeant Yair Ashkenazy, 36, was killed in combat on Friday, July
25, 2014 (photo credit: courtesy of Ashkenazy family)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/1a.jpg>

Master Sergeant Yair Ashkenazy, 36, was killed in combat on Friday, July
25, 2014 (photo credit: courtesy of Ashkenazy family)

Master Sgt. Yair Ashkenazi, 36 years old, was a combat reservist who
died in combat in Gaza on Friday, July 25. The IDF is investigating
whether he was killed by errant fire from Israeli forces. In his
civilian life, Ashkenazi is a lawyer representing the city of Modiin. He
is survived by his wife and three children. He was from Rehovot.


        Staff Sgt. Oron Shaul, 20, Poriya

Sgt. Oron Shaul, whose death in Gaza on July 20 was formally confirmed
by the IDF on July 25 (Photo credit: Courtesy)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/fsdgsdbvs-e1406302259809.jpg>

Sgt. Oron Shaul, whose death in Gaza on July 20 was formally confirmed
by the IDF on July 25 (Photo credit: Courtesy)

Staff Sgt. Oron Shaul, 20 years old, was a Golani Brigade soldier who
was killed when his APC was hit in Shejaiya on July 20. Initially
designated an MIA, his death was formally confirmed by the IDF’s chief
rabbi on July 25. The family was told that he was designated a fallen
soldier “whose place of death is not known.” He was from the northern
town of Poriya.


        Staff Sgt. Guy Levy, 21, Kfar Vradim

Staff Sgt. Guy Levy, killed in Gaza on Friday, July 25, 2014 (Photo
credit: Courtesy)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/1752670-18-e1406317232799.jpg>

Staff Sgt. Guy Levy, killed in Gaza on Friday, July 25, 2014 (Photo
credit: Courtesy)

Staff Sgt. Guy Levy, 21 years old, was killed July 25 during heavy
fighting in the central Gaza Strip. Initial reports said Hamas gunmen
fired an anti-tank missile at his tank. Several other soldiers were
wounded in the incident.


        Staff Sgt. Guy Boyland, 21, Kibbutz Ginosar

Staff Sgt. Guy Boyland, killed on July 25 in Gaza (Photo credit:
Courtesy)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/07/guyboy-e1406381776944.jpg>

Staff Sgt. Guy Boyland, killed on July 25 in Gaza (Photo credit: Courtesy)

Staff Sgt. Guy Boyland, 21 years old, was killed July 25 during heavy
fighting in the Gaza Strip. Boyland was a combat engineer for the 7th
Armored Brigade. Born in New Zealand, he moved to israel with his family
at a young age. He was from Kibbutz Ginosar, on the Sea of Galilee.


        First Sgt. Amit Yeori, 20, Jerusalem

First Sgt. Amit Yeori, 20, was killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (photo credit: IDF)

First Sgt. Amit Yeori, 20, was killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (photo credit: IDF)

*First Sgt. Amit Yeori*, 20, was a combat solider in the Engineering
Corps. He was killed during a firefight in Gaza on July 25. Amit “was
not afraid of anything…His company commander said that through the week
before his death, he was the first to attack – in the operation in which
he was killed, too,” his father told Haaretz. He is survived by his
parents and two siblings. Yeori was from Jerusalem.


        Second Lt. Roy Peles, 21, Tel Aviv

Second Lt. Roy Peles, 21, was killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (photo credit: IDF)

Second Lt. Roy Peles, 21, was killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (photo credit: IDF)

*Second Lt. Roy Peles*, 21, was an infantry officer in the Nahal
Brigade. He was killed in Gaza on July 26 when the armored vehicle he
was in was attacked by an anti-tank missile. Peles only finished his
officer’s course a month before going into Gaza. He leaves behind his
parents and two siblings. Peles was from Tel Aviv.


        First Sgt. Gal Bason, 21, Holon

First Sgt. Gal Bason, 21, was killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

First Sgt. Gal Bason, 21, was killed in action during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*First Sgt. Gal Bason*, 21, was a combat soldier in the Engineering
Corps. He was killed in combat in the northern Gaza Strip on July 26.
Before Bason joined the army, he went to Germany with other Israelis and
Palestinians as part of an event that nurtured coexistence. He is
survived by his parents and two siblings. Bason was from Holon.


        First Sgt. Avraham Grintzvaig, 21, Petah Tikva

First Sgt. Avraham Grintzvaig, 21, was killed during Operation
Protective Edge. (photo credit: IDF)

First Sgt. Avraham Grintzvaig, 21, was killed during Operation
Protective Edge. (photo credit: IDF)

*First Sgt. Avraham Grintzvaig*, 21, was an infantry soldier in the
Nahal Brigade. He was killed in combat in the northern Gaza Strip on
July 26. He leaves behind his parents and twin sister. Grintzvaig was
from Petah Tikva.


        Capt. Liad Lavi, 22, Sde Nitzan

Capt. Liad Lavi, 20, was killed in action during Operation Protective
Edge. (photo credit: IDF)

Capt. Liad Lavi, 20, was killed in action during Operation Protective
Edge. (photo credit: IDF)

*Capt. Liad Lavi*, 20, an Infantry Corps officer, died from his wounds
after being injured in combat in the southern Gaza Strip on Thursday,
July 24. For Lavi, the conflict hit very close to home. He was from
Talmei Yosef, a town near the border with Gaza.


        Chief Warrant Officer Rami Kahlon, 39, Hadera

Rami Kahlon (courtesy family)

Rami Kahlon (courtesy family)

*Chief Warrant Officer Rami Kahlon*, 39, a non-commissioned officer in
the Paratroopers Brigade, died from his wounds after being injured on
the Gaza border on Tuesday, July 22. Kahlon leaves behind his wife and
four children. At his funeral, his son Yoseil said “I want to be just
like you when I grow up…you are a true hero…you fought until the last
moment” he continued, “Abba, I am still crying.” Kahlon lived with
family in Hadera


        Sgt. First Class (res.) Barak Refael Degorker, 27, Gan Yavne

Sgt. First Class (res.) Barak Refael Degorker, 27, was killed during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt. First Class (res.) Barak Refael Degorker, 27, was killed during
Operation Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Sgt. First Class (res.) Barak Refael Degorker*, 27, was killed by
mortar fire near the border with Gaza on July 26th during a humanitarian
ceasefire. Degorker was a member of Bene-Israel, an Indian Jewish
community in Israel. Degorker was from Gan Yavne.


        St.-Sgt. Moshe Davino, 20, Jerusalem

St.-Sgt. Moshe Davino, 20, was killed during Operation Protective Edge
(Photo credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90)

St.-Sgt. Moshe Davino, 20, was killed during Operation Protective Edge
(Photo credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90)

*Staff Sgt. Moshe Davino*, 20, was an infantry soldier in the Givati
Brigade. He was killed on July 28 during fighting in Khan Younis in the
southern Gaza Strip. Four of his closest childhood friends were also
deployed to Gaza during Operation Protective Edge. Davino leaves behind
his parents and four siblings. He was from Jerusalem.


        Staff Sgt. Adi Briga, 23, Beit Shikma

Staff Sgt. Adi Briga, 23, killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Adi Briga, 23, killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sgt. Adi Briga*, 23, was a soldier in the 7th Armored Brigade.
Briga was killed with three other soldiers by mortar fire along the Gaza
border on July 28. At his funeral, Adi’s sister, Michal, spoke to him,
“And now I am accompanying you on your last journey. How do I eulogize
you? Where do I start? How do I put into words the painful thoughts we
have had since yesterday?” she continued, starting to cry: “It is
intolerable to think of you in the past, it is too painful.” Briga was
from Beit Shikma.


        Cpl. Niran Cohen, 20, Tiberias

Cpl. Niran Cohen, 20, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

Cpl. Niran Cohen, 20, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

*Cpl. Niran Cohen*, 20, was a soldier in the 7th Armored Brigade. He was
killed by mortar fire along the Gaza border on July 28. He is survived
by his parents and three siblings. Cohen was from Tiberias.


        Cpl. Meidan Maymon Biton, 20, Netivot

Cpl. Meidan Maymon Biton, 20, was killed during Operation Protective
Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Cpl. Meidan Maymon Biton, 20, was killed during Operation Protective
Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Cpl. Meidan Maymon Biton*, 20, was a soldier in the 7th Armored
Brigade. Biton was killed on July 28 along with three other soldiers by
mortar fire from Gaza. Biton was from Netivot, and was the second
soldier from the city near the border with Gaza. Haaretz quoted the
mayor of Netivot, Yehiel Zohar: “In our war for our home, the city of
Netivot has paid the unbearably high price of two of its finest sons.”


        Staff Sgt. Eliav Eliyahu Haim Kahlon, 22, Safed

Staff Sgt. Eliav Eliyahu Haim Kahlon, 22, was killed during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Eliav Eliyahu Haim Kahlon, 22, was killed during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sgt. Eliav Eliyahu Haim Kahlon*, 22, was a soldier in the 7th
Armored Brigade. He was killed on July 28 by mortar fired from Gaza. He
leaves behind his parents and six siblings. Kahlon’s older brother is
also fighting in Gaza as a reservist. Kahlon was from Safed.


        Sgt. Dor Dery, 18, Jerusalem

Sgt. Dor Dery, 18, was killed during Operation Protective Edge. (Photo
credit: IDF)

Sgt. Dor Dery, 18, was killed during Operation Protective Edge. (Photo
credit: IDF)

*Sgt. Dor Dery*, 18, was a soldier in a squad commander course. Dery was
killed when terrorists infiltrated Israel from Gaza through a tunnel and
attempted to execute an attack on July 28. Five soldiers were killed
during the attack. He was the youngest child in a family of four
siblings. Dery was from Jerusalem.


        Sgt. Sagi Erez, 19, Kiryat Ata

Sgt. Sagi Erez, 19, was killed during Operation Protective Edge. (Photo
Credit: IDF)

Sgt. Sagi Erez, 19, was killed during Operation Protective Edge. (Photo
Credit: IDF)

*Sgt. Sagi Erez*, 19, was a soldier in a squad commander course. He was
killed on July 28 by Hamas gunmen who emerged from a tunnel near Kibbutz
Nahal Oz. Five soldiers were killed during the attack in total. Speaking
about him, Erez’s cousin Stav told Maariv online: “He was the king of
the family, this kid that was [just] starting on his way who always knew
what he wanted to do.” Erez was from Kiryat Ata.


        Sgt. Barkey Ishai Shor, 21, Jerusalem

Sgt. Barkey Ishai Shor, 21, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt. Barkey Ishai Shor, 21, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

*Sgt. Barkey Ishai Shor*, 21, was a soldier in a squad commander course.
Short was killed on July 28 when terrorists attempted to infiltrate
Israel from Gaza through a tunnel that ended near Kibbutz Nahal Oz. Five
soldiers were killed. His family has requested privacy during these
difficult times. Shor was from Jerusalem.


        Sgt. Daniel Kedmi, 18, Tzofim

Sgt. Daniel Kedmi, 18, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt. Daniel Kedmi, 18, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

*Sgt. Daniel Kedmi*, 18, was a soldier in a squad commander course. He
was killed in combat when terrorists infiltrated Israel from Gaza
through a tunnel and attempted to execute an attack near Kibbutz Nahal
Oz on July 28. He leaves behind his parents and three siblings, Daniel
was the youngest. His sister, Natalie, spoke through her tears at his
funeral: “Our Daniel. Our hero. I have no idea how to say goodbye to
you. How do you say goodbye to an 18-year-old boy?” Kedmi was from Tzofim.


        Sgt. Nadav Raimond, 19, Shadmot Dvora

Sgt. Nadav Raimond, 19, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt. Nadav Raimond, 19, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

*Sgt. Nadav Raimond*, 19, was a soldier in a squad commander course. He
was killed in combat when terrorists infiltrated Israel via a tunnel
from Gaza and attempted to execute an attack on July 28. His family has
requested privacy during these difficult times. Raimond was from Shadmot
Dvora.


        Staff Sgt. Matan Gotlib, 21, Rishon Lezion

Sgt. Matan Gotlib (photo credit: Facebook)

Sgt. Matan Gotlib (photo credit: Facebook)

*Staff Sgt. Matan Gotlib*, 21, was a combat soldier in Maglan, an elite
IDF unit. He was killed along with two other soldiers in a booby-trapped
building thought to be a UNRWA health clinic on July 30. The soldiers
had entered in order to destroy an underground tunnel that started from
inside the clinic. His brother, Omer, spoke to Ynet: “Matan smiled a
lot, always loved to help, loved the country and loved to travel through
it in his jeep.” Gotlib was from Rishon Lezion.


        Staff Sgt. Omer Hay, 21, Savion

Staff Sgt. Omer Hay, 21, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

Staff Sgt. Omer Hay, 21, was killed during Operation Protective Edge.
(Photo credit: IDF)

*Staff Sgt. Omer Hay*, 21, was a combat soldier in Maglan, an elite IDF
unit. He was killed along with two other soldiers in a booby-trapped
building thought to be a UNRWA health clinic on July 30. The soldiers
had entered in order to destroy an underground tunnel that started from
inside the clinic. His family has asked for privacy during these
difficult times. Hay was from Savion.


        Staff Sgt. Guy Algranati, 20, Tel Aviv

SSgt. Guy Algranati (photo credit: Courtesy)

SSgt. Guy Algranati (photo credit: Courtesy)

*Staff Sgt. Guy Algranati*, 20, was a combat soldier in Maglan, an elite
IDF unit. He was killed along with two other soldiers in a booby-trapped
building thought to be a UNRWA health clinic on July 30. The soldiers
had entered in order to destroy an underground tunnel that started from
inside the clinic. He leaves behind his parents and five sisters.
Algranati was from Tel Aviv.


        Staff Sgt. Shay Kushnir, 20, Kiryat Motzkin

SSgt Shay Kushnir, 20, who was killed in a mortar attack inside the
Israeli border with the Gaza Strip on Thursday, July 31, 2014. (photo
credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90)

SSgt Shay Kushnir, 20, who was killed in a mortar attack inside the
Israeli border with the Gaza Strip on Thursday, July 31, 2014. (photo
credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90)

*Staff Sgt. Shay Kushnir*, 20, was a soldier in the Barak Armored
Brigade. He was killed on July 31 by mortar fire near the Gaza border.
His family has asked for privacy during this difficult time. Kushnir was
from Kiryat Motzkin.


        Capt. Omri Tal, 22, Yehud

IDF Cpt. Omri Tal, 22, who was killed in a mortar attack inside the
Israeli border with the Gaza Strip on Thursday, July 31, 2014. (photo
credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90) in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, July
31, 2014. (photo credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90)

IDF Cpt. Omri Tal, 22, who was killed in a mortar attack inside the
Israeli border with the Gaza Strip on Thursday, July 31, 2014. (photo
credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90) in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, July
31, 2014. (photo credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90)

*Capt. Omri Tal*, 22, was a soldier in the Barak Armored Brigade. He was
killed near the Gaza border by mortar fire on July 31. His mother, Esti,
wrote of her son: “There are not a lot of other people like [him], and
Omri left us. Omri loved this country, and the country didn’t succeed in
embracing him in return,” Ynet reported. Tal was from Yehud.


        Sgt. First Class (Res.) Daniel Marash, 22, Rishon Lezion

Sgt. First Class (Res.) Daniel Marash, 22, was killed during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Sgt. First Class (Res.) Daniel Marash, 22, was killed during Operation
Protective Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Sgt. First Class Daniel Marash*, 22, was a reserve soldier in the Barak
Armored Brigade. He was killed on July 31 near the border with Gaza by
mortar fire. His family has asked for privacy during this difficult
time. Marash was from Rishon Lezion.


        Staff Sgt. Noam Rosenthal, 20, Meitar

IDF St.-Sgt Noam Rosenthal, 20, who was killed in a mortar attack inside
the Israeli border with the Gaza Strip on Thursday, July 31, 2014.
(photo credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90)

IDF St.-Sgt Noam Rosenthal, 20, who was killed in a mortar attack inside
the Israeli border with the Gaza Strip on Thursday, July 31, 2014.
(photo credit: IDF Spokesperson/FLASH90)

*Staff Sgt. Noam Rosenthal*, 20, was a soldier in the Barak Armored
Brigade. He was killed near the border along with other soldiers when a
mortar was fired from the Gaza Strip on July 31. His family has asked
for privacy during this difficult time. Rosenthal was from Meitar.


        Capt. (res.) Liran Adir, 31, Ezuz

Capt. (res.) Liran Adir, 31, was killed during Operation Protective
Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

Capt. (res.) Liran Adir, 31, was killed during Operation Protective
Edge. (Photo credit: IDF)

*Capt. (res.) Liran Adir*, 31, was a soldier in the Barak Armored
Brigade. He was killed by mortar fire near the border with Gaza on July
31. His family, like many others, has seen tragedy before. Liran’s
grandfather, Morris Edry, was murdered by a terrorist in 1993. Adir was
married just one month ago and had planned to leave soon to study
medicine abroad. He grew up in Netanya and was living with his wife in Ezuz.

IDF Staff Sergeant Liel Gidoni, 20, who was killed in the Gaza Strip on
Friday, August 1, 2014. (photo credit: IDF Spokesperson/Flash90)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/08/F140801IDF05-e1406956160977.jpg>

IDF Staff Sergeant Liel Gidoni, 20, who was killed in the Gaza Strip on
Friday, August 1, 2014. (photo credit: IDF Spokesperson/Flash90)

*Staff Sgt. Liel Gidoni*, 20, was a soldier in the Givati Brigade. He
was killed during a firefight in Southern Gaza on August 1 at a time
that was supposed to be a ceasefire. Gidoni was from Jerusalem.

*Mjr. Benya Sharel*, 26, was an officer in the Givati Brigade. He was
killed during a firefight in Southern Gaza on August 1 at a time that
was supposed to be a ceasefire. Sharel was from Kiryat Arba.

2nd. Lt. Hadar Goldin, 23 from Kfar Saba, killed in Gaza on August 1
(photo credit: AP Photo/ YNet News)
<http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/08/Mideast-Israel-Palest_Horo-13.jpg>

2nd. Lt. Hadar Goldin, 23 from Kfar Saba, killed in Gaza on August 1
(photo credit: AP Photo/ YNet News)

*2nd.-Lt. Hadar Goldin*, 23, was an officer in the Givati Brigade. He
was killed during a firefight in Southern Gaza on August 1 at a time
that was supposed to be a ceasefire. He was formally declared a fallen
soldier whose place of burial is unknown. Goldin was from Kfar Saba
